I believe sustainable everything is important because if it's not sustainable,
you're not going to last very long in whatever you do.
So what we're trying to do here is, like a lot of dairy farmers across the
nation, is to just make sure what we do, we can do a year in, year
out and be sustainable in the future and have a farm to hand
on to the next generation. They've done a heck of a lot to
improve the sustainability and just the general farm ecosystem
across the whole farm by planting out gullies and waterways,
planting a lot of windbreak lines between paddocks.
I'm pretty sure they planted around twenty thousand native trees.
It's taken our farm from a treeless farm to, we've got
trees everywhere, which is just wonderful.